[Music]
tell me where the bomb is ten seconds or
you're dead
interesting I'm the only one who knows
where that nuke is well then in that
case I'd say you'd better stop I
didn't do it on purpose there's like a
ton of pollen in here
[Music]
my critiquing enjoyed the CIA I thought
it was gonna be this amazing spy and I'm
still just the same boring person I was
you play it too safe I just hear my
mom's voice just blend in let somebody
else win making a wave isn't always
brave for then give up on your dream
Susan just to write that in my lunchbox
we've intercepted chatter that rayna
boyanov knows what that nuke is
she knows the identity of all our agents
that a did this fund our
names we don't know and dial it
way back with the T word for it grow up
it's what means something completely
different in England well here it means
vagina
we need someone to find a bomb without
being detected but it can't be any of
you need someone invisible I'll do it
okay thanks lunch lady I'm serious I can
do this we're giving you a new identity
you'll no longer be Susan Cooper's your
honey Morgan divorced housewife from
Iowa it's a confidence builder
you think you're ready for the field you
are not to make contact with any of the
targets here's to you you may never be
as wise as an owl but you're always be a
hoot to me mmm stupid tests your
de life okay who the are you I'm
the person that's gonna cut your dick
off and glue it to your forehead so you
look like a limp dick unicorn that's in
the I am
[Music]